Handshake handshake handshake handshake handshake
18 yuan, can you give me your phone now?
Can't give
Chu Yang, shut up for me
Li Lan, listen to me
The phone really can't be given.
The terrible Zhao family
Beyond your imagination
I don't care.
But you can't risk Yaoyao and Mom.
Chu Yang trust me
I'm measured but
Hit
Oh, Master Zhao
Excuse me.
The phone was broken.
Looks like you won't have this chance
scrap me
You beat him up
I gave him 100,000
Zhao Kai gave you a chance, and you are useless.
Of course, I'm not so disrespectful
Well, you wipe Chu Yang's shoes clean
I'll give you one more chance.
How about letting Ben shine shoes for this trash?
What the hell are you?
It's your pleasure to let you scrub your uncle
I'm not going
Kind of you beat me to satisfy him
Scare you, right?